Questions and Activities based on Module 3 and Module 4 of Magnet Axiom 
Module 3 – OS part 1
    1. Locate user accounts and user specific hives.
    2. Identify the allocated and unallocated area in bytes on the disk
    3. How can an investigator confirm if the accused has reinstalled the OS trying to destroy potential evidence. How can the investigator get the original OS installation date.
    4. What is the timezone information of the imaged system.
    5. Go to User Accounts and click on the account for RJennings. Note that the account Security Identifier (SID) ends in -1002. This is known as the Relative Identifier (RID).
In the Details pane, there is a source link for SAM\Domains\Account\Users\000003EA. Click on that link and it will take you to Registry view.
In Registry view, in the Evidence pane, click on the F value.  In the Details pane, note the HEX view and each value listed.
Find Last Login Time from F value.
    6. What is the internet user name associated with user account Ryan
    7. What did the HEX code for ShutdownTime decode as? Create a new artifact under EXAMINER DEFINED Registry snippets.  Tag this as “Last Shutdown Hex Code"
    8. How many user created accounts are there and what are the RIDs of their SIDs? Two accounts
    9. How many times has each account logged in? 
    10. Are the accounts password protected? 
    11. Has either account ever entered an incorrect password when attempting to log in, is what’s the time and date?  
    12. What is the email address of the registered owner of the operating system? 
    13. Which user account was created first on the computer? 
    14. When the computer was last connected to the Ethernet adapter, it was assigned an IP address of 172.11.92.147.  How long is the lease period for this IP address? 
    15. True or False.  The program OneDrive is configured to startup when the computer starts and is configured to run in the background. 
    16. What version of the program Signal is installed on the computer?
Module 4 – Encryption and Credentials
    1. How does an investigator deal with Bitlocker encryption

The program CCleaner was located on the computer. Answer the following questions about the program
    2. What web site did the user download the program from and what is the end date/time of the download? 
    3. What web browser was used to download it? 
    4. How did the user locate the web page for download and what search engine was used? 
    5. When was the last time that the program was run
The program TOR was also located on the computer. Answer the following questions about the program.
    6. Where is the program TOR saved on the computer? 
    7. Has TOR ever been run?  If so, how many times and when was the last time it was run? 
    8. What search activity is there on the computer five minutes prior to and after TOR was last run?
    9. At there any .onion Tor URL’s on the computer?  

